The Device that I chose to describe is my Samsung Galaxy S9 plus. It is considered a Phablet.
It is approximately 6.0 diagonal inches long and has a black back The phone itself, is pretty narrow and fits
in my hand pretty good. 
It has three functioning buttons. On the left side there are two buttons. One button activates a Bixby
interaction application. The other button is the volume button.
On the right side of the phone there is a button that turns on the screen after the phone has gone into Idle.
One annoying thing to this phone is the small keyboard keys. I was used to the MOTO. They keyboard keys were much
bigger.
When the phone is not in Idle mode, you always have to swipe to left to get to home screen. Another
annoying feature.
The Display 2960 x 1440p super amoled capactive touchscreen with infinity display. Gorilla glass 5 .
The screen is a full device size screen, that i really dont like.
The Speakers are Dolby Atmos surround sound 
It also has both front and rear cameras with wide angle camera and telephoto camera with a panoramic option. This
camera seems to be steadier so you can take better selfies.
One downside to this phone is that the battery is non removable. 
Its relatively a flatter and light weight smartphone.
Its operating system is Samsung Experience 9.0 on top of android 8.0 Oreo 
The performance is 10nm 64 bit Octa Core Processor. The Memory is 6GB ram and 64 GB with expandable memory and
a sim card option. And it operates on the Android 8.0
It has WiFi connection capabilities. It has a Exynos Octa core 4x2.7 GHz and Snapdragon 4x1.7 GHz CPU and Exynos
Mail-G72 MP18 and Snapdragon Adreno 630 GPU.
The end result of that kind of processing is that the photos are clearer and crisper and the colors are bold and
bright . The text messages are coming in clear and the wait time for connecting to the internet search engines are
very minimal. Processing times for incoming and outgoing messages are almost instant.
As you can see, the Samsung Galaxy S9 plus has both good points and bad point. It certainly would have not been
my choice of phone if I had to choose another phone. Some people will like the compactiveness of the size of the
overall phone and appreciate the full screen display. But the things that matter to me the most, this phone falls
short.

